Existing events:

1. German Unification: Currently the whole HRE disbanding event is a placeholder. In the future, I will add events that hopefully potrays the increasing turmoil and instability within the empire to its end, and especially the rise of German nationalism. As the Palatinate, you will get events to further inflame the situation and draw your South Germans neighbors to your side. If implemented, SGF should form consistently the moment HRE ends.
2. German reconquista: There should be option to get some territories (like Hanseatic Province and that small patch of Bavaria Tyrol owns) diplomatically. Also a special event for Prussia to join Germany if they revolt against Scandinavia

Future events:
1. Journal for Persia to consolidate India
2. Journal for France to consolidate Japan
3. Russian Rebellion in Scandinavia, spreading to Tatarstan and other places where Russians are discriminated. For that matter, Baltic and Prussian uprisings
4. Indian Rebellion ala Sepoy Mutiny
5. Wild West events for Soalleiro and Aurelia
6. Akkovin collapse mechanics + Arabian Confederation
7. Portuguese and Catalan nationalism in Iberia
8. In the same vein as the Indian rebellion above, a Japanese rebellion for France
9. Luxembourg/Walloon revolt
10. Abyssinian Game (Ottoman vs France for Ethiopia and East Africa, if won for Ottomans they can participate in Scramble too)
11. Option for former HRE West Slavic minors (Bohemia, Nitra, Glogow, Lusatia, Moravia) to band together and consolidate against threatening neighbors like Germany
12. Basic uprisings in Ottoman Empire, unfortunately I'll have to wait for federation/unitary mechanics to really implement Ottoman flavors
13. Opium events (European Opium Crisis and Opium War), will have to find a way to make AI France able to decisively win against Persia without over-nerfing the latter
14. Meiji Restoration-style crisis for Liang
15. Lighter flavor events that will give some background on the timeline's history
16. Roman Council events for Italy (gradually give their sister republics independence while still maintaining economic link)